feat(glue): SecurityConfiguration construct (#12450)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-glue/README.md

  securityConfigurationName: 'name',
  cloudWatchEncryption: {
    mode: glue.CloudWatchEncryptionMode.KMS,
  },
  jobBookmarksEncryption: {
    mode: glue.JobBookmarksEncryptionMode.CLIENT_SIDE_KMS,
  },
  s3Encryption: {
    mode: glue.S3EncryptionMode.KMS,
  },
});
```

> By default, a shared KMS key is created for use with the encryption configurations that require one but you can supply your own `kmsKey`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a shared KMS key is created for use with the encryption configurations that require one. You can also supply your own key for each encryption config, for example, for CloudWatch encryption:
```
